4, Carol Morris wants to own a major;
porns Jority of the
the any s largest hewspaper, The Daily. The only obviccte
to roms S hich @ majority of these shares is that
Azedcorp, which currently owns a majority, has steadfastl
refused to sell. Industry analysts nevertheless redi t tha
Morris will soon be the majority owner of The Daily "

Which one of the following, if tru
_— ? €, provides th
support for the industry analysts’ rediction? € most

(A) | Azedcorp does not own shares of
other than The Daily, By ANY REWSPaper

(B) Morris has recently offered Azedcorp much
more for its shares of The Daily th
paid for them. ian Azedcorp

(C) No one other than Morris has expressed any
interest in purchasing a majority of The Daily’s

* shares.

(D) Morris already owns more shares of The Daily
than anyone except Azedcorp.

(E) Azedcorp is financially so weak that bankruptcy
will probably soon force the sale of its
newspaper holdings.

Area resident: Childhood lead poisoning has declined
steadily since the 1970s, when leaded gasoline
was phased out and lead paint was banned. But
recent statistics indicate that 25 percent of this
area’s homes still contain lead paint that poses
significant health hazards. Therefore, if we
eliminate the lead paint in those homes, childhood
lead poisoning in the area will finally be eradicated.

The area resident’s argument is flawed in that it

(A) _ relies on statistical claims that are likely to be
unreliable

(B) relies on an assumption that is tantamount to
assuming that the conclusion is tue

(C) fails to consider that there may be other significant
sources of lead in the area’s environment

(D) takes for granted that lead paint in homes can
be eliminated economically |

(E) takes for granted that children reside in all of
the homes in the area that contain lead paint

Although some nutritional facts about soft drinks are
listed on their labels, exact caffeine content is not.
Listing exact caffeine content would make it easier to
limit, but not eliminate, one’s caffeine intake. if it
became easier for people to limit, but not eliminate,
their caffeine intake, many people would do so, which
would improve their health.

If all the statements above are true, which one of the
following must be true?

(A) The health of at least some people would
improve if exact caffeine content were listed
on soft-drink labels.

(B) Many people will be unable to limit their caffeine
intake if exact caffeine content is not listed on
soft-drink labels.

(C) Many people will find it difficult to eliminate
their caffeine intake if they have to guess
exactly how much caffeine is in their soft drinks.

(D) People who wish to eliminate, rather than
simply limit, their caffeine intake would
benefit if exact caffeine content were listed on
soft-drink labels.

(E) The health of at least some people would
worsen if everyone knew exactly how much
caffeine was in their soft drinks.

When the famous art collector Vidmar died, a public
auction of her collection, the largest privately owned,
was held. “I can’t possibly afford any of those works
because hers is among the most valuable collections _
ever assembled by a single person,” declared art lover
MacNeil.

The flawed pattern of reasoning in which one of the
following is most closely parallel to that in MacNeil’s
argument? |

(A) Each word in the book is in French. So the
whole book is in French.

(B) The city council voted unanimously to adopt the
plan. So councilperson Martinez voted to adopt
the plan.

(C) This paragraph is long. So the sentences that

- comprise it are long.

(D) The members of the company are old. So the
company itself is old.

(E) The atoms comprising this molecule are elements.
So the molecule itself is an element.

