8 A leading critic of Space exploration contends that it
would be wrong, given current technology, to send a
Sroup of explorers to Mars, since the explorers would be
unlikely to survive the trip. But that exaggerates the
tisk. There would be a well-engineered backup system
at every stage of the long and complicated journey. A
fatal catastrophe is quite unlikely at any given stage if
such a backup system is in place.

The reasoning in the argument is flawed in that the
argument

(A) infers that something is true of a whole merely
from the fact that it is true of each of the parts
(B) infers that Something cannot occur merely from
the fact that it is unlikely to occur
(C) = draws a conclusion about what must be the
case based on evidence about what is probably
_ the case .
(D) infers that Something will work merely because
it could 'work : -
(E) ©. rejects a view merely on the grounds that an
inadequate argument has been.made for it

Ot nis tuichye. “periyg sly

, «el
rr ree

'
ae
ae

del ye ENE 9 4e vd

an dob at. { A
rh auraneteyy- te, moa Do wath oA

POF tas ylodalss aiectat wowed
PRUE ARE Som AS erie

y Hoeetl nj 5§ Wood sttei brow doa (Aj

is
hy. of ona! '

s a scientific study that tries to
f subjects’ present characteristics
i een the
by looking for significant connections a happened t
resent characteristics of subjects an ty boom
those subjects in the past, before ine s sbjoote .
ive studies O
ause retrospective Ss
vetthe subjects’ reports about their ne pasts, however,
such studies cannot reliably determine the c
human subjects’ present characteristics.

9, A retrospective study i
determine the causes o

Which one of the following, if assumed, enables the
argument’s conclusion to be properly drawn?

(A) Whether or not a study of human subjects can
reliably determine the causes of those subjects
present characteristics may depend at least in
part on the extent to which that study uses
inaccurate reports about the subjects’ pasts.

(B) A retrospective study cannot reliably determine
the causes of human subjects’ present
characteristics unless there exist correlations
between the present characteristics of the
subjects and what happened to those subjects
in the past.

(C) In studies of human subjects that attempt to

find connections between subjects’ present

characteristics and what happened to those
subjects in the past; the subjects’ reports about
their own pasts are highly susceptible to
inaccuracy. | | -

If a study of human subjects uses only accurate

reports about the subjects’ pasts, ‘then that

, Study can reliably determine the causes of ‘

| _ those subjects’ present characteristics. © ~

40 (B) fu Every -scientific study in which reSearchers! look

for significant connections between the. present
“ito thése-subjects*iii thé: past faust use the

\.

/  @)

Irepil at Ssubjects? reportsiaboiab-t ir ‘own ‘pasts, 4)
HDI C6 6 hie Nh i Brgh be BLT

