. of as : .
system 1S expected to triple wine flying the air-traffic

€ within 20 it wi
be impossible for airports to accommodate ova ‘ h ™
normal-sized jet planes to Carry that many passen ers
Which one of the followin wi

. mo
conclusion drawn in the & Most accurately states the

argument?

A Giganti ly bei

(A) pean c planes currently being developed will
enough space in them to hold shops and
ounges as well as passenger seating

(B) The additional space in the gigantic planes
ares being developed is more likely to be

ed with passenger seating than with shops

and lounges.

(C) The number of passengers flying the air-traffic
system is expected to triple within 20 years.

(D) In 20 years, it will be impossible for airports to
accommodate enough normal-sized planes to
carry the number of passengers that are expected
to be flying then.

(E) In 20 years, most airline passengers will be
flying in gigantic passenger planes.

Scientist: To study the comparative effectiveness of two
experimental medications for athlete’s foot, a
representative sample of people with athlete’s foot
were randomly assigned to one of two groups.
One group received only medication M, and the
other received only medication N. The only
people whose athlete’s foot was cured had been
given medication M.

Reporter: This means, then, that if anyone in the study
had athlete’s foot that was not cured, that person
did not receive medication M.

Which one of the following most accurately describes

ee
the reporter’s error in reasoning:

(A) The reporter concludes from evidence showing
only that M can cure athlete’s foot that M

’s foot.
ter arily ws a conclusion about
(B) The reporter illicitly dra t
‘on as a whole on the basis of a study
The ei only le of the population.
ducted only on 4 samp po
he s, without providing
(C) The reporter presumes, Wi!” aad N are
justification, th ns foot but
available to peop” x dy
id not participate ili
(D the er outer fails to allow for ne Pit ne her
) er valete’s foot may be cure ooecen
of the two medications studied Be
es, W :
(©) The repo Pt th ere 1s no sizeable sudan
justifica i ge athlete’s foot will be cur
of people wh? take me dication

only if they 4°

12. Paleontologist: Plesiosauromorphs were gigantic,

long-necked marine reptiles that ruled the oceans
during the age of the dinosaurs. Most experts
believe that plesiosauromorphs lurked and
quickly ambushed their prey. However,
plesiosauromorphs probably hunted by chasing
their prey over long distances. Plesiosauromorph
fins were quite long and thin, like the wings of
birds specialized for long-distance flight.

Which one of the following is an assumption on which
the: paleontologist’s argument depends?

(A) Birds and reptiles share many physical features
because they descend from common evolutionary
ancestors.

(B) During the age of dinosaurs, plesiosauromorphs
were the only marine reptiles that had long,
thin fins.

(C) A gigantic marine animal would not be able
to find enough food to meet the caloric
requirements dictated by its body size if it did
not hunt by chasing prey over long distances.

(D) Most marine animals that chase prey over long
distances are specialized for long-distance
swimming.

(E) The shape of a marine animal’s fin affects the
way the animal swims in the same way as the
shape of a bird’s wing affects the way the
bird flies.

Buying elaborate screensavers—programs that put moving
images on a computer monitor to prevent damage—can
cost a company far more in employee time than it saves
in electricity and monitor protection. Employees cannot
resist spending time playing with screensavers that flash
interesting graphics across their screens.

Which one of the following most closely conforms to
the principle illustrated above?

(A)  Aschool that chooses textbooks based on
student preference may not get the most
economical package.

(B) An energy-efficient insulation system may cost
more up front but will ultimately save money
over the life of the house.

(C) The time that it takes to have a pizza delivered
may be longer than it takes to cook a complete
dinner.

(D) A complicated hotel security system may cost
more in customer goodwill than it saves in
losses by theft. era

(E) An electronic keyboard may be cheaper

than a piano but more expensive to 1

7 ey

ta

