————————————

Me}.

SECTION U

Time—35 minutes

26 Questions

Directions: The questions in this section are based on the reasoning con
questions, more than one of the choices could conceivably answer the question.
is, the response that most accurately and completely answers the question.
commonsense standards implausible, superfluous, or incompatible with the P

blacken the corresponding space on your answer sheet.

1. Ina recent study, a group of young children were taught
the word “stairs” while walking up and down a flight of
Stairs. Later that day, when the children were shown a

video of a person climbing a ladder, they all called the
ladder stairs.

Which one of the following principles is best illustrated
by the study described above?

(A) When young children repeatedly hear a word
without seeing the object denoted by the word,
they sometimes apply the word to objects not
denoted by the word.

(B) Young children best learn words when they are
shown how the object denoted by the word is
used,

(C) The earlier in life a child encounters and uses
an object, the easier it is for that child to learn &
how not to misuse the word denoting that object.

(D) Young children who learn a word by observing
how the object denoted by that word is used oe
sometimes apply that word to a different object
that is similarly used.

(E) Young children best learn the names of objects No
when the objects are present at the time the
children learn the words and when no other
objects are simultaneously present.

Q produced only in tablet, capsule, or soft-gel form. The

or passages: For “
ee the best answet, tha
oa mptions that are by
n the best answer,

ne

ar
However, YOU ‘6 e assu
no ye chose

assage-

of 100 or more, 4
wemomne CLO
who ‘i ied «ynhealthy” lives: jena
large proportion ihe: fatty foods, and getting little

eee pehavior often leads to eae
oe ae likely that exceptionally Jong-tl i
life spans, ie = =acally disposed to having long lives.
Ree eager t strengthens
Which one of the following, if true, MOS

the argument? ,
There is some evidence that consuming a

x wy moderate amount of alcohol can counteract the
effects of eating fatty foods. '
(B) Some of the exceptionally long-lived people
# who do not smoke or drink do eat fatty foods

and get little exercise.
(C) Some of the exceptionally long-lived people
who exercise regularly and avoid fatty foods
do smoke or consume alcohol.
(D) Some people who do not live to the age of 100
also lead unhealthy lives.
of (E) Nearly all people who live to 100 or more have

we siblings who are also long-lived.

3. Medications with an unpleasant taste are generally

active ingredient in medication M is a waxy substance
that cannot tolerate the heat used to manufacture tablets
because it has a low melting point. So, since the company
developing M does not have soft-gel manufacturing
technology and manufactures all its medications itself,
M will most likely be produced in capsule form.

en Le oe

The conclusion is most strongly Supported by the reasoning
in the argument if which one of the following is assumed?

s AY Medication M can be produced in liquid form.
Z(B) Medication M has an unpleasant taste.
(©) No medication is produced in both capsule and
& soft-gel form.
(DY Most medications with a low melting point are
is produced in soft-gel form.

pecans in capsule form taste less unpleasant
than those In tablet or soft-gel form.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE.

